# CS230-Repository
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room wanted to create a cross-platform gaming application that could be used on PC and mobile devices. A portion of code had been previously developed for Draw It or Lose It. The client wanted to expand the ability for people to play on teams, choose team names, and ensure a player could only join one instance of the game at a time. These requirements were supported by a robust software design document.
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
A lot of research went into designing this software document. Having this research gathered in one place can help save time that would be spent researching. I feel like what’s gathered here is explained clearly enough for those without a technical background to understand. I went out of my way to use plain language when possible. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
A good design document helps guide the code you’ll be creating. Instead of looking at a blank IDE and wondering where to start, I could pick a requirement from the design document to work on. 
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would like to revise the portion where I compared the different operating platforms. Since completing that portion I’ve learned more about the operating systems I’m less familiar with. Mainly Linux. It has more features and is more widespread than I originally thought. My main concerns with MacOS and Linux were the need for specialized knowledge and hardware. But in the last few years, more software has been made to work with Linux, making it a more practical choice. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
Communicating about a client’s needs is a key skill for any programmer. To make sure Draw It or Lose It was on the right track code and design documents were submitted at multiple stages throughout the project. This kept the project from going too far in the wrong direction. 
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
Working on this project has given me tons of insight into what it takes to deploy an application. I didn’t previously have the background to make decisions on what operating platforms and deployment software to use. I just used what my computer defaulted to. Now before coding, I can consider where it will be used to guide development. 
